feat: update all text references 'genomeark analytics' to 'genomeark' (#874) (#875)
galaxyproject/brc-analytics: app/components/Home/content/sectionSubHeroGA2.mdx

> GenomeArk lets you combine VGP Phase 1, official NCBI, and your own data using the Galaxy Platform.

Author: ```suggestion
GenomeArk analytics lets you run analyses dircetly on Phase I VGP genomes.
```

> GenomeArk lets you combine VGP Phase 1, official NCBI, and your own data using the Galaxy Platform.
> It simplifies large-scale bioinformatics, ensures reproducibility, and makes results easy to share with other researchers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
GenomeArk analytics let's you run analyses dircetly on Phase I VGP genomes.
```
